# Test-Liberty
Developer Test

Geneneral Requirement
________________________________

General Requirement
The company requires another option of notifying our customers of their recent billed amount.
The requiriment is for(B2C) Business to Customers
Customer must have their twitter account updated in CRM(Billing Platform

Use Cases
_________________________________
Sending Message: After Billing Cycle, all customers belonging to the corresponding billing cycle should recive a whisper(direct message) in twitter with the last bill and the total billing amount


Assumptions:
_________________________________ 

1. Bill will be generated from the Billing Platform.
2. Storage(FS)/Document Management System where generated invoices will be stored in PDF format.
3. There is communication between Billing System and CRM.
4. Twitter accounts are updated in CRM.
5. The API input frame will be REST/Json.
6. The API endpoint published for internal consumption will be over HTTP protocol.
7. A physical log (File) will be left for each Request/Response generated by the API, as well as errors generated.
8. The API developed will be over the Internal Management API.
9. It must have the necessary network/Firewall accesses from the Internal API Management to the Twitter API.
10. The proposed architecture is under the API Led Connectivity concept.
11. Third Party System Model

Development Platforms and Databases
____________________________________
- Anypoint Studio 7.9
- Runtime Mule 4.3
- Anypoint MuleSoft Designer Center
- Anypoint MuleSoft Exchange
- Cloud MariaDB
- DBeaver 21.1.2
- Cacco Designer
- Github

Development Methodology
___________________________________
For the definitions and development of the project, Scrum is considered as the development framework, starting from an incremental development strategy, instead of the complete planning and execution of the product.

Defining from the user stories a product backlog, which will be prioritized and developed in a series of tasks in a defined period of time and sprint effort.There will be 1 Sprint of 12 working days, which will reflect the different deliverables.  This methodology has been selected due to the size of the project and the delivery of minimum viable deliverables that will reflect an increase of the final product to the customer.

Proposed solution
____________________________________
Within the analysis, an architecture diagram and flowchart has been created to understand the process of bill notification to customers.
The proposed architecture is a hybrid architecture that will have technological components installed on premise as well as in the cloud. For further reference it is detailed in the architecture diagram.
Additionally, it is recommended to create a microservices architecture for the processes and systems layer for greater horizontal scalability and robustness.
